what's up guys welcome to another
episode of unboxing
its Lu here and it is early in the
morning
4:46 where I am and I was at the
midnight launch for this product and I
also picked up the epic Edition which I
just unbox you're gonna want to check
that out I'll put an annotation up above
and I decide hey I'm gonna make both
videos right away this game is hot right
now and I believe everybody needs to see
is exactly what you're going to get if
you pick up either these packages let's
talk about this one it's of course the
special limited edition console and
that's some DLC with a special character
skin that Game Stop included for
everybody who showed up like crazy
people at midnight yeah I'm one of them
and you're one of them for watching this
so here's the console look at that
beauty I mean what I like about it is
that the red paint is glossy but the
black pane is matte so you get that that
strange kind of play going on between
the two but you know really I do like
that red color that crimson color it's
understated unlike some special editions
we jump out in your face and smack you
alright so let's talk about the unboxing
enough of this 4 a.m. speech that I'm
having it we got the game I put that to
the side and we got 2 of these special
edition controllers I unbox one of these
special edition controllers a little
while ago on the channel I'll put a link
right up here for you guys to check that
out I go into more detail about it but
I'm a fan of them they got that new
rotating d-pad definitely check out that
video if you're interested and more
paperwork more food for the recycling
bin I don't know why they got to give
you so much of it one more thing you do
get for dira cells to power up those 2
controllers that are included you're
also going to get a power cable what a
surprise let's get rid of that and a
very basic chat headset here for Xbox
live I mean this thing it sort of feels
like those headphones that you get when
you're on an airplane nothing special
here just to get you started I suppose
if you broke the bank shelling out 400
for this guy and then I don't know why
this is but every friggin manufacturers
including the composite standard-def
cables like how expensive is an HDMI
cable like I just spent all this money
give me an HDMI cable please it's about
time
there's the power brick it's still huge
but not as huge as I remember it from
the non slim Xbox 360 before this so I
guess that's an improvement and a very
weird connector on that now look at this
I think this is a good value you get all
this stuff here plus the fancy paint job
for 399 if you don't have an Xbox 360
this might be the time to dive right in
Gears of War style what do you guys
think you think Gears of War is the top
title on Xbox 360 let me know in the
comments where you think of ranks
because I think it's I think it's one of
the best ones for sure so here's the
backing we got power
we got the spit if port for digital
audio AV a beautiful HDMI finally
there's an auxiliary port which is for
your Kinect you've also got an Ethernet
port and three USBs on the back here the
front side is nice and clean you got the
disc tray and a couple of more USBs
which is nice get lots a USB ease to
choose from as well as a power button I
guess you guys know how to use that if
you don't know how to use that power
button you're in big trouble so lastly
we got the game disc and you got the
standard case I believe the standard
artwork on the front of the case got the
disc and then some more DLC over here
five bonus weapon skins you got to love
DLC some stickers so you can represent
your love for Gears of War and of course
the manual which it's not much of a
manual these days just one page I guess
that's probably an in-game tutorial
anyway guys I think this is a real cool
value
you like this video then please hit that
like and favorite button it helps me out
a bunch and definitely check out my
other Gears of War 3 boxing's I got the
epic Edition as I mentioned before I'll
put a link somewhere in here so
definitely check that out too and if you
haven't checked out the channel do that
too
that's a lot of instructions anyway guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you
around later
you